so David changing manager isn't effect
one of the most influential decisions
you can make as a chief exec and as a
board so tickets to the inside the
process of your decision-making here to
make this decision to replace Chris
Newton with Neal Adams well we we
knowledge 50:10 tobacco managers we like
to give our managers the opportunity to
succeed we're not hire and fire
merchants by football standards by any
stretch so it's with a heavy heart that
we've had to let Chris Colin and Paul go
we felt that we were left with little
choice though given that the forum over
the recent weeks with seven or eight
defeats consecutively four defeats and
six games and we've only accumulated
four points in the last six games and
that was from a base of probably one
point a game prior to that anyhow so we
weren't in rude health at that point we
expected an improvement and things have
worsened so we were left with very
little choice we feel that we had to
make a change in order to firstly
protect our Premier League status and
secondly move up the league terms of the
process we we as a board to operate with
all members of the board having a view
on where we are so after the game on
Saturday we all slept on it Sunday
morning we reflected on where we were we
had our meeting with Chris on Saturday
evening Delia
Michael with Jones and myself and
obviously took that into account as well
as soundings from other board members
and other people across the Norwich City
family you know including including
playing staff including people behind
the scenes and of course really
listening carefully to the views of the
fans there are those in the media that
say that Chris Newton had done a
sufficient job there considering the
playing personnel his results had been
more or less on par is that an
assessment you agree with no I think
with the squad that we've got I think
we've underperformed this year and I
think most Norwich City supporters would
say that we haven't played as well as
they expected us to this year either by
way of performances or indeed the
results that we've got and so we think
we're below par this year we do
understand that the national media have
a view that it's it's a much smaller
Club than it actually is but narrow city
supporters of course really
that we're a big club and you know we've
got a huge fan base that we need to
satisfy so we've been below par but
clearly you know other people in the
game they're welcome to their opinions
they're not opinions the wee that
we share Neil Adams made a notable mark
here at this club with last season's FA
Youth Cup triumph was it that defining
moment where you thought this could be
our next verse team manager I think
we've been aware of Neil's credentials
and potential for a number of years he's
been with us as a player and then as a
coach and other in other capacities for
two decades now so he knows the club
inside-out he's a Norwich City Hall of
Famer nor a city legend he's somebody
that we know inside out clearly he
hasn't the experience of managing at a
Premier League level but we are very
confident with with his coaching ability
and with his tactical notes and his
technical abilities then we will improve
our fortunes for the remainder of this
season with Neil in place Neil made his
mark last year as a coach that employed
a very vibrant attacking style of
football was that kind of shift of ethos
part of your reasoning for making this
managerial change not necessarily in
terms of you know an attacking ethos in
the in the short term we do think that
things haven't been working so we need
to make some changes so we've made that
change at managerial and coaching level
so that's important and we would expect
Neill to put his own stamp in his own
mark on the team over the remaining five
to six weeks five games of the season so
we would expect to see some changes
perhaps not wholesale changes but there
might be a subtle ones that we think
could be enough to make a significant
difference
it's no secret David that this is a
difficult run in the clubhouse now
follow me as a team in our demographic
that of course we can hope to beat but a
tough game away as it has been in recent
years and then for very difficult
Victor's against what our perennial
Champions League contenders so what are
the club's expectations of Neil as we
enter these final five games well we
just firstly we won't be able to do as
well as you possibly can and that means
ensuring firstly that we stay in the
league and secondly we improve our
league position so the expectations are
for us to to garner enough points to
achieve both of those aims
follows the most important game because
it's the next game and of course the
four teams that we play in the running
are huge giants of world football so we
understand how difficult those are going
to be but we've done pretty well against
some pretty big teams over the course of
the last two years and so we'd like to
hope that we will be able to get some
points in those remaining four games of
the season well I think it's always sad
when you make that change because it
means people are losing their jobs
that being said football managers and
those of us that work in football are
very lucky that you know that the
football managers are paid at a
different level to most people in the
country so you have to accept that they
have a softer landing when they lose
their jobs than most of us but we have
to always act in the best interest of
the football club and we're here to
serve the supporters and taking those
two things into account we have to do
what's right and we felt the change at
this point was right for the football
club you are aware max of course that
supporters have been calling for a
change many supporters have throughout
the season really almost since the
get-go so we've been under pressure to
reconsider the management team for some
time up until now we haven't felt that
it was right but we do believe that the
change at this point is is right for the
football club there were some unsavory
scenes here after the final whistle on
Saturday and both Neal Adams and Russ
Martin said yesterday it's critical that
the fans get behind this team for the
final five games I assume your message
is very much that's absolutely we just
want all canari fans everywhere at Kara
Road and Craven Cottage and elsewhere to
just get behind Neil and the boys
because together we can achieve anything
and there's a great opportunity if the
fans get behind the players the players
will bounce off the fans and you know
we'll have that 12th man again that's
what we're after and you know let's help
you know as canari supporters let's help
Neal and his team get the points that we
need to move up the table